---
title: About the Benchmark
description: Description of the project.
background: /assets/theme/images/Background_1.jpeg
permalink: /about/
---

## Abstract

The first step towards understanding a complex dynamical system is to identify its topological structure, which reveals how the system is organized. To do this, we need powerful structural inference methods that can infer the structure from the system’s observed behaviour. However, most of these methods are designed for specific domains and datasets, and there is no unified and objective way to compare them. To address this challenge, we benchmark 12 structural inference methods from different disciplines on dynamical systems generated by two types of simulations and 11 kinds of interaction graphs. We measure the methods’ accuracy, scalability, robustness, and sensitivity to graph properties. Our results show that 1) deep learning methods perform well on multi-dimensional data, 2) classical statistics and information-theory-based methods are very accurate and robust, and 3) methods’ performance is positively correlated with the average shortest path length of the graph. We hope this benchmark helps researchers choose appropriate methods for their problems and inspires new method development.

## License

This work is licensed under a [CC BY 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

## Acknowledgement

The generation, collection, and storage of the dataset used in this work are under the project BSIMDS, which is supported by a collaboration project between the High-Performance Computing Team of the University of Luxembourg (ULHPC) and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Besides that, authors Tsz Pan Tong and Jun Pang acknowledge financial support of the Institute for Advanced Studies of the University of Luxembourg through an Audacity Grant (AUDACITY-2021).

## Update Plan

- We will update the page "Teams" with more details after the publish of the paper.

- Now we are searching for possible solutions to include trajectories generated by graphs of 150, 200, and 250 nodes, as well as the trajectories with Gaussian noise of the remaining 10 graph types. As the total size would exceed 7.8 TB, we are still working on it.



